Project Description: ARGeoAnchors are a new technology released by Apple designed to help "identify a geographic location using latitude, longitude, and altitude data." It additionally utilizes the phone's "imagery" to localize the user. All this to say, it uses the phone's camera and its GPS to express the phone's location in a way that is far more accurate that most other systems.  However, it's really only effective at localizing someone outdoors. Our initial concept was then creating an app that would allow users to either navigate purely outdoors or start outdoors and navigate into a building using ARGeoAnchors. Unfortunately it's only active in a few locations. See here: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/arkit/argeotrackingconfiguration for a full list of those locations. Currently, we're testing a configuration of the Clew app that integrates ARGeoAnchors into its navigation instead of the currently used ARAnchors.  

--- 


Co-designer Opportunities: Over the past few weeks, we've developed a beta version of this app and we're now looking for co-designers to test it! This would entail physically testing navigation from outdoor locations to indoor locations and verifying the app's accuracy, reliability, and accessibility. We will be debriefing with our testers to iteratively design this concept until it's (ideally) fully functional. NOTE: As mentioned before, ARGeoAnchors are only covered in a few select locations.  Thus, the actual physical testing can only occur for people who live near/in those areas. However, we'll also have focus groups about the user experience of this app, and anybody can join those! 